Cut! Cut! Cut! Cut! Cut!
Cut!
I'm so happy.
Nuannuan.
Don't you feel...
that only when you're surrounded by water,
do you truly feel...
alive?
What about me?
Only with you here...
do I feel my world is complete.
Don't worry.
I'll stay with you forever.
Pinky swear.
Come on. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
Who's there?
"Candy"
(Episode 3: Wifey, I Was Wrong)
So?
Is handling work tough?
I think this job is pretty fun.
What's going on?
What are you doing?
This house has been repossessed by President Shen.
Shoo, shoo!
Don't get in the way.
What nonsense are you talking?
This is clearly Lin Can's home.
President Shen.
So you're the new assistant by Lin Can's side?
Who is she?
That's none of your business.
Lin Can.
Haven't seen you in days.
You've lost weight.
Stop moving things, halt!
Shen Hao.
Are you in such a hurry...
to kick me out?
How could I?
I can't wait...
for you to join our family sooner.
President Shen,
managing Xingyu is really a waste of your talent.
You should become an actor.
I know.
I know you blame me.
For halting your work...
without a word,
and seizing your villa.
I'm doing this to protect you.
Your scandal is all over the news now.
I had to make you...
vanish from the public eye for a while.
What you think, what you do...
I don't care at all.
If you show no mercy,
don't blame me for not saving face for Xingyu later.
Who's the one evading taxes?
You know very well.
You probably don't want to lose...
everything you've worked for all these years.
Don't worry.
As long as you're willing to bow to me,
I can fix all of this.
My capability...
you know it.
Shen Hao,
after all these years,
you're still so pathetic.
You know what?
Deep down,
you've always been a clown to me.
Fine.
Very well.
Wen Nuannuan is back.
You must be thrilled.
I'll take you to a movie later.
Okay.
Xiao He.
Who's this?
This is a good friend...
I met at my new school.
Wen Nuannuan.
Nuannuan,
this is the friend I always told you about,
Shen Hao, from before I transferred.
He's two grades above us.
Not only does he excel in studies,
he's also very loyal.
Hello, Senior Shen Hao.
Hello.
Hello, Nuannuan.
Don't listen to Xiao He's nonsense.
I'm not as great as she says.
Alright, don't just stand here.
Let's go watch a movie.
Okay.
You stay here by yourself.
She abandoned you back then.
Why are you still hung up on her?
Tell me,
if what happened back then gets exposed,
do you think you'll still be able to protect her?
From now on,
keep a close eye on this house.
If those two show up here again tomorrow,
watch your step.
You...
Tch. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
I'll give you one more day.
You must move out tomorrow.
Are you okay?
Nuannuan.
Looking forward to our cohabitation?
Mm.
Well, this is great.
Truly bankrupt now.
But raising one little dog...
is still more than manageable.
Who's a little dog?
Go pack my luggage.
We're moving to your place tomorrow.
What about you?
I'm going to take a bath.
Relax a bit.
Tell me,
if what happened back then gets exposed,
do you think you'll still be able to protect her?
Nuannuan's parents,
isn't there...
some misunderstanding?
What misunderstanding?
I saw it with my own eyes!
Those two...
lip to lip!
Let me tell you,
your daughter is the one who corrupted our Nuannuan!
Disgusting!
You think just because you're rich,
you're something special?
Today,
you have to give me an answer!
Compensate our Nuannuan for her... her...
emotional damages!
Auntie!
Otherwise...
this isn't over!
Play the piano.
If you don't listen to me,
I'll transfer you to another school.
You'll never see her again.
Remember:
You belong to me.
You belong only to me.
Miss Jiang, rest assured.
Lin Can's work has been completely suspended,
and the villa has been reclaimed.
I handled it personally.
This way,
in all of Xingyu,
no one will overshadow you anymore.
President Shen is so diligent...
because you're afraid I'll expose how you
embezzled company funds for futures trading
and lost everything, aren't you?
Of course not.
From now on,
if there's anything you need me for,
just say the word.
Transfer Si Han to my side.
Back then, it was Si Han...
who single-handedly made the unknown Lin Can a star.
She's a rare talent.
But...
she's fiercely loyal to Lin Can.
Feel free to use her.
Precisely because she protects Lin Can,
I want to take her away.
Watch her destroy...
the person she cares about most.
That's the best revenge.
We're leaving just like this?
Not taking anything?
The most important thing is already with me.
What is it?
Stop asking.
Let's go.
Why is your place like a dump?
I've just been too busy.
The sofa...
not bad.
Pretty comfy.
You're sleeping on the couch tonight.
This is *my* home.
Assistant Rule Number Two:
Everything...
revolves around the star.
Go heat some milk for me.
I won't.
You won't?
I'll go, I'll go, I'll go!
I want it hot.
Got it.
President Shen.
Regarding the decision to suspend Lin Can's work,
I hope you'll reconsider.
The negative rumors about her are baseless.
All these years, Lin Can...
has contributed so much to Xingyu.
You've seen it all.
Si Han.
This is the board's decision.
There's nothing I can do.
Besides,
I'm only asking her to lay low temporarily.
Once the public opinion calms down,
I'll have her make a comeback.
But you know very well,
this is completely malicious slander.
The tax issue was clearly...
an accounting error at work.
Twisted by people with ulterior motives...
Enough!
Know your place.
Starting tomorrow,
you'll be in charge of Jiang Wan's agency affairs.
I'm Lin Can's manager.
I was, (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
and I always will be.
If you refuse,
not only will all her resources be cut off,
but the losses incurred by the company due to her
personal issues will also be fully accounted for.
(Terms of Studio Termination)
Weigh the pros and cons.
You know what's at stake.
Stay with the company,
and there will be a chance for her comeback.
Long time no see,
Wen Nuannuan.
Si Han.
Welcome back.
Let's be clear upfront:
I'll only handle your business affairs.
Also,
don't just barge into my office.
I told you,
I'd bring you back to my side.
What's wrong?
Miss Jiang,
so eager... to have
me be your dog?
It's been so long.
Haven't you missed me?
Si Han.
Do you think I can still make it big?
Today's audition...
the director said my acting was terrible.
Who told you to play a killer while constantly batting your eyelashes?
But your action scenes were decent.
When it comes to pulling the female lead's hair during fights,
no one can beat you.
Stop it, it hurts!
Then say, “I'm sorry, Princess.”
I'm sorry, Princess.
Not sincere enough.
Again.
Alright, alright, alright!
I'm sorry, my dear wife.
Who told you to be such a famous star?
Please don't hold it against a small fry like me.
That's more like it.
Dear wife,
could you get me a bottle of water from the fridge?
Sure.
Happy birthday.
Si Han.
Thank you.
I have things to do.
I'm leaving first.
Si Han.
See?
You still care about me.
Goodbye,
darling.
I heard you're going to be Jiang Wan's manager.
You got the news fast.
Jiang Wan told me herself.
I knew it.
My situation is only temporary.
Don't worry.
I'll handle your matters.
Just take good care of yourself.
Everything's fine on my end.
It's just that the place I'm staying is too...
great!
Extremely comfortable.
Shen Hao has started showing his true colors.
I need to stay in the company to find evidence.
Take care of yourself.
No drinking,
no speeding. (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
You're so naggy.
My little assistant watches me tighter than the paparazzi.
Just rest assured.
Si Han.
Thank you.
How can someone...
grill corn until it's like charcoal?
Is this even edible?
Plenty of people want to eat it.
Back then, people begging me to grill corn for them...
would line up from here...
all the way to Xingyu's entrance.
That popular?
Who else did you grill for?
It couldn't be...
Sister Si Han, could it?
Not telling.
Look at your messy face.
If you don't tell me,
I'll take a picture of your messy face
and post it online.
Are you going to tell me?
It was Sister Si Han, right?
I warn you,
don't get so close to me.
Or else...
Or else what?
Guess who?
Not working and causing trouble?
Careful, or I'll grill you too.
I don't believe you.
Here, drink some water.
Look at your face.
Like a little smudge-face.
Alright, alright.
I'll stop.
Look,
this is a new paper crane I folded.
How is it?
The wings aren't crooked, right?
So ugly.
What's ugly?
Your wound...
does it still hurt?
No.
You hate me.
That's not it.
Then you li...
I don't know.
Let's just stay like this.
Stay good friends forever.
Okay?
You—you're drunk.
It's good to see you and Lin Can back together.
What exactly...
does this Shen Hao want?
This time,
can Xiao He and I be brave enough to be together?
What is Jiang Wan trying to do?
Now she's playing the disappearing act?
I'm sorry.
The number you have dialed...
is currently unavailable.
Miss,
I'm sorry,
but we're closing.
Why does this wine taste more bitter the more I drink?
More bitter than my life.
Another glass.
The kind that...
after drinking,
lets you see...
whoever you want to see.
But we need to close and clear the venue.
Miss,
you should head home early.
Shut up!
Even you reject me?
Do you know who I am?
I'm a star!
Beautiful,
great acting skills,
top-tier!
Yes, yes, yes.
So what?
Some people...
just have no taste.
They only like trash.
“I believe you're just afraid of hurting me,
not lying to me...”
“Then what should I learn...”
(Si Han calling)
Miss,
someone named Si Han...
has been calling you.
Is she your friend?
Should I ask her to pick you up?
Si Han...
She couldn't care less about me.
Jiang Wan.
What's all this about?
If you're unhappy with me,
you can ask President Shen...
to replace me.
Pulling a disappearing act in the middle of the night? How childish.
Hello?
Is this Ms. Si Han?
Who is this?
Where's Jiang Wan?
Ms. Jiang is currently at Classroom.
But...
she's already drunk.
Could you take her home?
Okay, I understand.
Please look after her for a bit.
I'll be there soon.
Mm, thank you.
Goodbye.
Darling.
Si Han.
It's you.
Long time no see.
Si Han...
Bro, this wine of yours...
really works.
No...
I need to keep sleeping.
It's better in dreams.
Before, (Support Admin Watch on
kissasia.cam or kisskh.org)
we always saw you picking up that lady with the motorcycle.
Didn't expect this time it's...
the KTV lady.
Sorry for the trouble
so late at night.
Neither of them is easy to deal with.
Who?
Who, me?
You must be someone very important to Ms. Jiang.
Me?
We're just colleagues.
But tonight when she got drunk,
you were the only one who cared.
And also...
you're the emergency contact in her phone.
You're saying...
I'm her emergency contact?
Paid yet?
Charged already.
Let's go.
Get up. Come on.
Easy.
Alright, I warn you, stop pretending.
Alright, alright, alright.
How did you know I was faking it?
Speaking of which,
you came as soon as I called, in the middle of the night.
Actually...
you still care about me, right?
Don't you know?
Instead of wasting time messing with me,
you should practice your acting more.
Since you're not drunk,
take a taxi home yourself.
Miss Jiang.
Get on.
A big star like me...
riding your little scooter?
Take it or leave it.
I lost my car keys during the day.
I need to report it to the police.
About that...
I think I accidentally took them.
One more question.
Shoot.
This helmet...
did Lin Can also wear it?
Get off!
No!
Jiang Wan.
Let's go watch a movie tonight.
Who's that girl?
That's Senior Si Han.
She's a famous top student at our school.
So what if she's a top student?
Her personality isn't great.
She doesn't have any friends.
Let's go.
Go.
Senior Si Han.
Yes?
What?
Shouldn't you ask...
who I am, what's my name?
Who are you?
Hello, my name is Jiang Wan.
I'm a sophomore in Finance.
Are you free tonight?
I'm not.
How about tomorrow?
Not then either.
The day after?
You must be free the day after, right?
(Easter egg)